hello there welcome to Vernon's viewing
room where we from time to time present
for your entertainment and enlightenment
pictorial pictures of famous people
tonight we shall be perusing slides from
my collection which depict the
highlights of the career of that wizard
of the keyboard
Kenneth Lane may I call you can for
short certainly good I think of another
name when you grow taller now besides me
here is that well-known man of letters
mostly obscene Dean and so it shall be
along with the spectacle lights out hey
you want to go sit in the balcony
watching my boyfriend just went to the
cinema scene thus it shall be presenting
a man his piano or everything you've
always wanted to know about Ken Lane but
didn't care to ask Debbie slides here
you are Ken as a young piano student
practicing your are with your Baldwin
here she is putting a wig on here you
are studying Rachmaninoff is
Rachmaninoff plugging up his keyhole
here you are at your first recital
walking out in your black tie and Tails
here you are running back to the
dressing room for your pants and the
back one ken would you like to stretch
your legs yes great then maybe you can
throw away your elevator shoes care for
some gum Dean yeah do you have any sure
I left it only a sheet
and now track to the complete story of
ken lanes love life and now for act 3
here's a shot of you playing the organ
at your sister's wedding here's your
monkey kissing the bride I was trying to
help young talents huh here are offering
to accompany an unknown singer called
Dean Martin
here's Dean telling you he already knows
the way to the men's room finally at the
climax of your career here you are at
carnie Carnegie Hall showing off your
magic fingers and there's your
girlfriend slapping a face how to wind
up this evenings festivities here's a
picture of you Dean donating your
services to charity and of course you
know what that is yeah that's charity
donating her services to me